---
title: Terms
---
**$MUSK Gold** (“$MUSK”) is a digital representation of value that functions as a medium of exchange, a unit of account, or a store of value, but it does not have legal tender status. $MUSK is a fully launched and developed commodity designed to be used: (1) in digital outer space or other virtual reality platforms and metaverses; (2) alternate reality video games; and (3) non-fungible token marketplaces.

We do not recommend that any user acquire $MUSK. Before acquiring $MUSK, it is essential to understand the significant risks inherent to holding digital assets, including $MUSK. $MUSK is not an investment and should not be traded for profit generating purposes.

$MUSK is a commodity and cannot currently be exchanged for U.S. dollars or other fiat currencies around the world. $MUSK is not currently backed or supported by any government or central bank on Earth or in outer space. $MUSK value is completely derived by market forces of supply and demand, and they are more volatile than traditional assets. The value of $MUSK may be derived from the continued willingness of market participants to exchange other digital assets (or fiat currency) for $MUSK, which may result in the potential for permanent and total loss of value of $MUSK should the market interest for the asset decrease or disappear. The value of $MUSK may also be derived from market participants’ willingness and interest in leveraging, partnering with, or incorporating $MUSK. We make no promises or predictions concerning whether such interest exists now or will exist in the future.

Digital assets are not covered by either FDIC or SIPC insurance. Legislative and regulatory changes or actions at the state, federal, or international level may adversely affect the use, transfer, exchange, and value of $MUSK.

Purchasing digital assets, including $MUSK, comes with a number of risks, including volatile market price swings or flash crashes, market manipulation, and cybersecurity risks. In addition, digital asset markets and exchanges are not regulated with the same controls or customer protections available in equity, option, futures, or foreign exchange investing. As such, there is no assurance that a person or platform who today accepts $MUSK as payment or allows for asset-to-asset conversion of $MUSK will continue to do so in the future.

Users should conduct extensive research into $MUSK, before purchasing it or receiving it in exchange for another digital asset. The features, functions, characteristics, operation, use and other properties of this digital asset may be complex, technical, or difficult to understand or evaluate. Although we have taken extensive steps to protect against security risks, $MUSK may be vulnerable to attacks on the security, integrity or operation, including attacks using computing power sufficient to overwhelm the normal operation of the $MUSK’s blockchain or other underlying technology.

We do not encourage trading of $MUSK, and users should never obtain $MUSK for the purpose of “investing” in the $MUSK community or with the expectation of profits. If a user chooses to trade or exchange $MUSK in the open market, it is necessary to consider the risks of doing so. Trading $MUSK or any other digital asset can be extremely risky and may not generally be appropriate, particularly with funds drawn from retirement savings, student loans, mortgages, emergency funds, or funds set aside for other purposes. Digital asset trading can lead to large and immediate financial losses. The volatility and unpredictability of the price of a digital asset relative to fiat currency may result in significant loss over a short period of time. Transactions in digital assets may be irreversible, and, accordingly, losses due to fraudulent or accidental transactions may not be recoverable. The nature of digital assets may lead to an increased risk of fraud or cyber-attack.

Under certain market conditions, you may find it difficult or impossible to liquidate a position quickly at a reasonable price. This can occur, for example, when the market for a particular digital asset suddenly drops, or if trading is halted due to recent news events, unusual trading activity, or changes in the underlying digital asset system.

The greater the volatility of a particular digital asset, the greater the likelihood that problems may be encountered in executing a transaction. In addition to normal market risks, you may experience losses due to one or more of the following: system failures, hardware failures, software failures, network connectivity disruptions, and data corruption. Federal agencies have also published advisory documents surrounding the risks of virtual currency. For more information please review: the [CFPB’s Consumer Advisory](https://files.consumerfinance.gov/f/201408_cfpb_consumer-advisory_virtual-currencies.pdf), the [CFTC’s Customer Advisory](https://www.cftc.gov/sites/default/files/2019-12/customeradvisory_urvct121517.pdf), the [SEC’s Investor Alert](https://www.sec.gov/oiea/investor-alerts-bulletins/investoralertsia_bitcoin.html), and [FINRA’s Investor Alert](https://www.finra.org/investors/alerts/bitcoin-more-bit-risky).

**$MUSK Gold** has no connection to Elon Musk or any of his companies and likeness.
